#place #majorisland
## History
Khiage predominantly has a tropical climate, featuring countless palm trees and sandy beaches, particularly along the inner coastline that looks out across the crystal blue [[Pyritian Lagoon]]. A modest mountain range cuts across the northern end of the island which gradually levels out to rolling plains and rocky quarries which dot the southern end of the island.

Situated in the westernmost region of Artyrix, the island of Khiage was one of the first settled by explorers, after the initial landing on [[Machivelia]]. According to historical texts, the voyage from the Jolastokian mainland was considerably more challenging than expected and resulted in the loss of dozens of ships and hundreds of gifted souls. The perilous nature of the journey led most of the traveling caravan to remain in Machivelia, not daring to risk the open seas once more. However, an incredibly gifted sailor, [[Captain Flint]] - the Psionic Corsair, quickly saw the ensuing power struggle brewing on the island, and not wanting to engage in that conflict, set off from the island due West with a small company of some of his most trusted friends and crewmates. 

Under Flint's steady hand and guidance, the troupe crossed the [[Eternal Sea]] quickly and without incident. The group landed initially on [[Havangart]] to restock supplies and steady their sea legs before embarking once more headed due West. Perhaps two weeks after departing Machivelia, the sailing party landed on what came to be known as Khiage, settling down amidst the palms and verdant, if mountainous, landscape of the northern section of the island.

Since its discovery, Khiage has blossomed as a hub for maritime trade and other mercantile activities in the north and more industrious, profiteering activities in the south. The north remains comparatively "apolitical" outside of dealings with the [[Briny Armada]], a faction tracing back to [[Captain Flint]], which seem to govern most of the unwritten code that dictate the acceptable actions of day-to-day behaviors. The southern region of Khiage is newer, only getting settled in the past 30-40 years, or a few hundred years after the north. 

This gap in time of founding drives cultural and demographic differences between the northern and southern halves of the island. Whereas the north embraces and extolls the benefits of _"the pirate way of life"_, the south is driven by economics - and the need for swift justice in cases where one's economic prosperity is unfairly affected by the actions of another. Squabbles over this stark difference in attitudes between the regions of Khiage have intensified in recent years with little indication that things will improve, save some external or outside force that may mediate the two opposing ways of life.
## Places of Interest
- [[Pyritian Lagoon]] - an enormous lagoon spanning the "interior" of Khiage
- [[Corsair's Cove]] - the original landing site and capital city of northern Khiage
- [[Charterstown]] - a newer thriving enterprising hub of the south
- [[Fool's Gold Mountains]] - the mountain range spanning most of the northern section of Khiage
- [[Conquista Quarries]] - a series of quarries dotting the southern region of Khiage 