#npc #lore 

_Those idiotic scholars of the [[Arcanum Decetto]] have sat and squandered their time and power for too long. [[The Dwindling]] is real and they have known it for decades and yet they have not acted with any resemblance of haste. The people of Artyrix deserve better - **I** deserve better._

_Perhaps they feel they derive power from this stagnant state of being. Perhaps this is why they've grown increasingly leery of my questions - of my search for knowledge and truth. Some days it seemed as if [[Harverot]] sent his flocks of spies to surveil my mundane existence. They doubt me - nay - they fear me._

_Fortuitous then, for me, that I happened to stumble across the strange creatures that resided in [[Lake Difidenzia]] whilst on a daily exodus from [[Vecchia]]. I heeded them little mind at first, but they thought me a god. How trivial it was to earn their adoration - and how it fueled my ambitions. Interacting with them, even their...esteemed...shaman taxed me and my patience, but they proved to be useful in finding the island. They called it The-place-that-exists-in-a-place-it-should-not, a bit wordy by my tastes, but it captured the essence of the place. As far as I'm aware, it seems to exhibit features only seen in [[The Northern Barrier Islands]], the way the land seems to respond to magical scarring; the way that weather responds to arcana; the way that power seems to catalyze change..._

_Regardless, what I needed was a place - a laboratory - away from the prying eyes of the Arcanum. Somewhere no one would go on purpose. Somewhere to lay wards and hone my conjuration prowess. My own spies - scouts - other devout followers looking after my wellbeing and keen to bring about my vision of the world have called my attention away from Artyrix. Curious, I had all but written off [[Jolastokia]] after that spectacle in [[Gatazka]]. Figure that mortals are nothing if not resilient. A college of sorts exists in the northern region - Arcania - that seems to be excelling in the enchantment of items of great power. Even if these wards fade when exposed to the Artyrian curse that is [[The Dwindling]], I imagine it behooves me and my interests to see how prolific they've become across the [[Eternal Sea]] - and whether I might benefit from procuring some of these artifacts, even if I may only expend them once here. I will have the truth. They cannot take that from me. I will seize it from them - or rip it from their cold fingers if they resist._ - **T.E.**