Kriv is a dragonborn from clan Myastin. Born from a mighty fighter Rhogar and a scholar named Thava. Rhogar like his father; his father before him, his father before him and so on were protectors for people of nobility or just the right price. Thava was on the opposite spectrum. Having been adopted and raised by a nobel society of elves she enjoyed the finer things in life especially writing and painting. One day she happened to come across Rhogar during one of his excursions and instantly fell in love. After several courtships between the two it became official especially once Thava was pregnant. Months went by and Kriv arrived. While growing up he always seemed to be faster, stronger and bigger than the other children which pleased Rhogar. Thinking that his son would continue the family tradition, he didn’t waste any time starting training. Secretly he was not interested in that but found himself being closer to his mother and what she was into. They would sneak and hide away for him to practice reading, writing and painting. A natural talent he had. This would go one for his first few years of his life till the he will never forget happened. Rhogar was looking all over town for Kriv because he was late for his lesson. Rhogar typically carried a whip with him during lessons in which he would beat Kriv with when he messed up. After carful searching he found his wife and son reading a book together. Looking around this cave that he found them in were just hundreds of books, paintings and writings. This is just what he saw he was so angry he went into a blood rage and started to whip his son and wife. Kriv writhing in pain and watching his dear mother felt some sort of feeling he never felt before and scream STTTOOOOPPPP on top of his lungs. A thunderous wave come from him and push back Rhogar several feet. A loud ringing exited the cave for everyone in town into here. The guards and several others rush to where they thought the sound came from. When they arrived the witnessed Rhogar slowly arising to his feet still shaken up. Thava doubled over with lashes covering her body. Kriv also hurt was covering his mother with blankets while trying to wrap his brain around what just happened. The women of the town helped Thava up and took her into town to get bandaged up. The men soldiers and (as Kriv knew them as) the magic users surrounded Rhogar and were speaking to him. Kriv was extremely frightened at what just happened, a coward in a corner with a blanket over his body. He kept one eye open to see what was going on. He couldn’t tell but there was a lot of hand movement with gestures that pointed to him several times. Eventually Rhogar ended the conversation and started to stomp heavily towards Kriv. Kriv so frighten passed out. The next morning Kriv woke up in his bed confused; wondering if yesterday was just a dream. Just as he was about to step out his door a loud horn started blasting in the distance……..then another…..then another one closer. We’re under attack he said to himself. Quickly he grabbed his short sword and went outside. Surveying the scene looked like a complete nightmare. Time slowed down for him as he witness dark elves riding horseback burning houses and killing anyone in there way. As reality set in he heard a low voice saying Kriv over and over again. It was mother! She was shackled and tied to a nearby post that usually horses are. Clearly beatin even more she could barely speak let alone move. Kriv started to move to his mother when he was instantly pulled backwards and started to be dragged. He didn’t know who at the time or where he was being dragged to; all he focused on was his mother’s eyes weeping as she was dragged away by several elves. He slowly realized he was being dragged to the fort and it wasn’t till a stern slap in the face that he fully came too. His father had saved his life or he too would have been dragged away as well. The battle lasted several hours before it was over. Death and ash was mostly what was left. 

  

Year three was the hardest for Kriv. Losing a mother, not knowing much of his powers, a hard sterned father hell bent on him being a soldier but mostly not knowing his place in the world. During this time Kriv’s father was extra hard on. Feeling betrayed and losing his wife he felt that molding his son to what he wanted would take the pain away. It….only….did…..the….opposite. When he wasn’t training with his father (in which he thanked the celestial gods) he was able to sneak away and train with a human named Rein. Rein was a magic user that was part of Calligraphers guild. Rein first started coming around during the rebuild and offered many services to the clan. Whether it be writing down family history for the survivors or new laws for the town. With all his guild contacts he helped bring trade back into town and all the dragonborn were very happy. It wasn’t uncommon to see him interact with the people and no one questioned it. Rein especially became keen on Kriv, sensing that his one is special. It took several months to even get a hello from Kriv and several more to earn his trust but it did happen and slowly but surely training started. Kriv was so timid and shy among others due to his father being so hard. He was worried he was gonna be beat up like his mother. The other dragon born of all ages did not help anything as Kriv often heard them talk about him negatively and saying things like….

(Well he basically killed his mother, trying to be all fancy like her)

(Remember that noise we heard the day before the attack? That was the demon inside him trying to kill his family)

(He can’t even hold a sword, for how big he is he sure is weak)

(What’s he gonna bring to the clan? A whole lot of nothing I say)

(His father has got to be embarrassed)

  

Year four continued to be the same as it was after the attack. Kriv would make food, clean, tend to the garden then train with his father. Kriv took over the role of his mother which did not sit well with everyone else around him. His father accepted it because well it is his only offspring and has seen improvement with his training. Though little does he know that a lot of that is due to training with Rein. They would typically wait till sundown and meet in different locations during different days to make sure they couldn't be seen. It started with all the normal guild stuff and soon turned into making forgeries of all kinds. With Rein’s guidance Kriv got very very good. Soon through the clan they started to sell these items. To fake papers, orders, contracts and soon even paintings. Kriv wanted to travel with Rein and learn more. So one day they approached Rhogar and made a proposal. Kriv was practicing what to say to his father for weeks and was nervous when they first went up to him but Rein gave him so much advice and encouragement. After several minutes Rhogar agrees that he comes back on his fifth birthday to finish his training before entering service. It was the best offer Kriv was gonna get and he accepted right away. The adventure was on. Several months went by and the duo were doing very well for themselves. Kriv became a full member of the guild, a loyal customer base was built and many travels were happening. Through all this it was like the attack never happened. Kriv was back to his old self. Happy to talk, to share his thoughts and listen to others. He even continued his teachings from his father. Life was good till one day. Rein got a tip from a “big” buyer that wanted a lot of work done so that he could start his own town but needed papers of nobility to be validated but the other towns. Seeing the coins in his future, let alone future business he convinced Kriv that they should at least entertain the idea. They traveled several days west of the guild to a camp by a river. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary as they have been to many camps before but this one was different because of who they found. It was a camp of Tieflings. Kriv has never seen one before and was taken back and the human esk creatures with horns (though it kinda did remind him of some dragons in legend). After being pestered by the guards they were led to a tent to meet with the leader Akta. She explained her bold vision of wanting a small town here in the valley where the camp is. To slowly expand with trade with other towns and bring in more of her kind that have been scared across her homeland. Rein and Kriv both agree that it was very noble of her and were happy to help if the price is right. Negotiations proceeded well and everyone was happy. A small feast and party sprung out of nowhere and work began the next day. Four days later the work was done. A final extremely detailed inspection happened with the duo, making small changes here and there till they deemed it perfect. It was time to present and collect……or so they thought.

  

Rein and Kriv handed over all the paperwork along with several paintings Kriv had made on the side show Akta on her throne overlooking her kingdom. She was shocked and so were her scholars on how well everything turned out. She motioned to the guards to fetch the chest while wine was being poured for everyone. A cheers was made and everyone started drinking. This was Kriv’s first drink and his face said it all. Many laughs were had and Kriv heard the voices.

(First drink its seems, I remember mine as a child)

(For his size you would think he could house a bottle in a second)

(Ten to one odds he pukes before he finishes his goblet)

It continued for a little bit before it was out of everyone's system. Kriv was embarrassed but trudged forward and continued drinking. Even after everyone said it was all in good fun Kriv was still embarrassed and old Kriv was starting to come back. It seemed like forever but the guards finally came with the chest and it was wonderful. Magical you could say because of the riches that were pouring out of it. The room started to spin, the laughter started to slow and draw out. What's going on as Kriv looks at his hands and then Rein. A muffled Rein whispers some words with a pointed out finger. Kriv is so focused on the finger he only hears a few of the words (I ….. …. been poi…..). Just as Kriv tries to process this he is knocked unconscious. Later Kriv comes to and it seems to be the next day. He tries to move but after looking around and seeing Rein is being held in a stock, it's become clear so is he. Akta standing in front with her guards behind her begins to laugh as the duo slowly realizes they have been tricked. Akta explains there was so riches and the only riches are the ones she will take now that she has all the paperwork she needs. “So we are off to our new home to set up and ah yeah as you might have guessed, we’re leaving you here today. SHBASS!” Hours upon hours have passed since the Tieflings have left. Dehydration and hunger is setting in. Rein keeps trying to loosen his restraints but to no use. Kriv tries as well but with the same results. Day three of being stuck has arrived and things look very grim. Rein, looking the worst off because of how much he drank, starts to plead with Kriv to use his strength to break free.

(We need to get out of this Kriv)

(Kriv you so big and strong why can’t you break us free)

(Kriv what would your father think)

(Kriv it’s all up to you)

(Kriv I need you)

(Kriv you made a promise to your father)

(Kriv! Kriv! KKKKKKKRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIVVVVVVVVVV!!!!!!)

On the final Kriv Kriv lashed and screamed SHUT UPPPPPPPPPP!!!!! towards Rein. A massive wave of thunder protruded from Kriv shattering both stocks and freeing the duo. Days went by and both Kriv and Rein recovered fully. During the time Rein explained he too was a magic user and knew Kriv was one as well. Rein being from a different school of magic he explained that he couldn’t use his powers and was hoping pushing Kriv would unlock him. Now knowing this Rein explained he will help guide him to use his powers for the time they had left together. Kriv agreed but told Rein he had to come back to the clan with him to help him continue training before he joined the service. The end of year four was one of Kriv’s best. He started to harness his powers, trained more but with simpler weapons that suited him better. Though like everything in life; all good things come to an end.

  

Year five on thee exact date of Kriv’s birthday they showed up to his fathers door. The town looked the same but rebuilt which put a smile on Kriv’s face. That was quickly short-lived as his father opened up the door and said “You’re late. Come on we have training,” and so it began. Rein was able to stay around and mentor Kriv. Training of all kinds was happening sometimes twenty hours a day between everything. This regiment started to take its toll as exhaustion was affecting his performance. Rein saw this first and made Kriv take more and more rest breaks while Rhogar would just beat him more. Old timid Kriv returned, some would see even worse than before. This continued till three weeks before his sixth birthday. He was sent off to train with the army to become and officer. Rhogar is hoping it will straighten him up, having to lead men into battle but just in case Kriv fails, Rhogar greased the wheels to make sure he graduates. Rhogar thought if he dies in battle at least he continues our tradition. At this time Kriv doesn’t know that the moment he leaves Rhogar is going to get married to a local woman that carries his child. He hopes it's another male for if not he will try try try again till it happens. 

(The tradition must go on)

That three weeks was hell for Kriv. Everyone else new he didn’t belong and they made sure he knew it. Everytime Kriv tried to quit or escape he was brought back and was told he was going to graduate or else. He was constantly beat up by the other candidates and given the name “Shieldbiter” but not in a good way. It was meant to be known as a coward and word spread, even to his hometown. Rhogar was not pleased. After completion Kriv returned home to prepare for service. Not knowing where he was going or what his duties he just had to wait. He continued to meet and train with Rein while he father just left him alone at this point. Rhogar felt defeated like there was nothing else he could do. Kriv felt the defeat in his father and just added to his depression. One day he got his orders and didn’t bother looking a them. Instead he went for a walk through town. Kriv was headed towards the lake where he planned on just watching the sun set. As he strolled through town some of the of the local boys (who were basic infantry) approached. Kriv could tell this wasn’t a friendly visit. Kriv turned around to head back but there were more blocking his way. Kriv put his hands up stating he wanted no trouble all the while backing up.

(Oh the big baby doesn’t want trouble)

(Should have thought of that before becoming an officer, my brother couldn’t graduate and he’s ten times a better officer than you’ll ever be)

(I heard all he did during training was cry so they just let him paint instead of being with everyone else)

(No wonder his dad thinks he’s a disappointment)

During this time both Rein and Rhogar were walking through town and Rein was pleading with Rhogar to let him go on another adventure for a year.

(Come on just one more year you saw how much better he became when he first got back)

(Yeah and went right back to his old ways. It’s time for him to be the adult he is)

Kriv was getting worried and scared. There were six of them all pounding their fists and some had wood in their hands. Then all of a sudden a feel came over Kriv. A feeling that has only happened twice before. Both Rein and Rhogar at this point have seen the situation and recognize the look on Kriv's face. 

(Oh Hoar!)

As Rein said it Kriv unleashed another massive thunder wave devastating all in it’s path. The group of boys hurled backwards pushing over a horse cart and fell behind it. Kriv had enough. The strongest of the boys (still stunned) slowly put his arms on top of the rolled cart. Struggling to breath he whispered something under his breath but at that point Kriv had already jumped on the cart with his weight flipped it back up. Kriv didn’t care about the boys and screamed to leave them alone or else. The cart at this point was badly damaged. It was mostly just a frame and wheels. It seemed Kriv wasn’t sure what all he was doing and started to walk away. One of the other boys who recovered decided to speak.

(Or else what)

Internal rage began to fill Kriv. Rage boiling in his eyes. Rein and Rhogar just watched in aww as Kriv turned around and a blast of frost came out of Kriv’s mouth striking the boys; all the while Kriv’s hair slowly turned silver. This wasn’t enough and looked to his right and found a quarterstaff. Kriv took the staff and as he was about to smash the boys into pieces his hand was stopped by his father.

(Come son. I have a lot to tell you)

  

Year six. Day One. The town was in shock. The boys recovered but were deeply traumatized. Rhogar along with Rein explained to Kriv what had happened to the best of their knowledge. Rhogar explained that he is part of a bloodline from an ancient silver dragon which grants him special gifts while Rein explained that he finally unlocked his current potential as a caster. After many hours a plan has come together for both Rein and Rhogar to ride with Kriv to Keyhearth. With Rein’s contacts he will train with a fellow sorcerer to harness his gifts and then join the service. Kriv knew it was his best option to control his powers and maybe one day find his mother. While his training he also continued to make maps and different forgeries to earn a living. This also kept him in good graces with the guild. A letter came to Kriv one day from his father stating that they had found Akta and the fellow tieflings but unfortunately Akta had escaped. Training went well the next few months and he was awarded his station at Candun. Kriv still finds himself timid amongst new people and new things but does know now he’s a lot better off now than the past. Kriv received the title of Spell Sniper from his past and also what has been shown through training. Even though he hated the name there was nothing he could do. It’s his and his only. Only time will tell if Kriv lives up to his name.