#lore

## History
Arcana runs deep in the [[Jolastokia]]n pocket dimension on which Artyrix lies. Historical accounts for generations point to the notable potency of enchantments flowing out of [[Jolastokia]], and up until its Leveling in 359 MS, [[Gatazka]] was possibly one of the most esteemed cities among the ranks of enchanters, arcanists, and evokers. Early settlers in [[Machivelia]] carried this tried tradition of enchanting with them when the crossed the [[Eternal Sea]], effectively spawning another golden age of arcane inventions and magical propagation across the Artyrian archipelago.

However, for reasons unknown by scholars, mages, and artificers, troubles began arising with enchanted objects and artifacts beginning in 287 MS. In this year, records indicate a now name-lost-to-history young mage of the [[Arcanum Decetto]] noted how it was peculiar that their magically enchanted torch went out after just days after being finished. The note, hastily scribed, is largely one of annoyance, as the extinguished torch would surely set this individual back a few days and inhibit their late-night studies. For decades, this account went largely unnoticed until historians began more thorough - and belated - deep dives through the archives in search of clues to the source of the sapping enchantment strength.

From that point, studies gradually become more commonplace and frequent. [[ESC]] was a well-known researcher of the the phenomenon, and even was responsible for coining this mysterious event as [[The Dwindling]]. [[ESC]] directed substantial resources towards researching and attempting to mitigate the ebbing power of their magical items and enchantments, which by the early 300s MS were now well-known across Artyrix and equally incurred regardless of island, religious creed, or proximity to any ley line.

[[The Dwindling]] continued to grow in intensity through the 300s MS, driving many arcanists and enchanters from across the islands into a bit of a fervor in the face of this blatant but source-less assault to their livelihood. [[Searidge Station]] sprung up in [[The Northern Barrier Islands]], which until that time had been deserted, with scientists and arcane scholars flocking to it as a potential hub for breakthroughs into a cause - or better a solution - to the incessant draining of arcane power.

### Current Day Ramifications
As the campaign begins, awareness of [[The Dwindling]] is widespread and common knowledge although still nobody knows why it is occurring or how to stop it. That said, research into these points - both its history and how to fight or even slow down its draining effects - remains incredibly active across Artyrix, with large-scale, active investigations into various related topics occurring in [[Delta Major]], [[Searidge Station]], [[Linnæsa]], the [[Arcanum Decetto]] on [[Machivelia]], and even [[Corosiva]], albeit at a limited capacity. Importantly, even magical artifacts - including those rumored to have been bestowed on the pocket dimension from the gods - have began showing noticeable signs of waning power as a result of [[The Dwindling]]. 

Less powerful enchantments have all but fizzled out leaving their previously magical items mundane relics and shells of their former selves. Powerful and optimistic mages and artificers remain devoted to honing their craft, resulting in a few dozen magical items flowing out to the general population each year. Yet even these items often carry enchanter-imposed limitations on their use as a means of ensuring their longevity. That is, items that may have at one time provided lasting and constant boosts often are restricted to a number of uses or charges per day - or even week. 

Additionally, as the number of these items diminished and the inbound supply continued to shrink over time, the relative rarity - and value - of magical items increased substantially. To possess an item that retains its arcane charge is _incredibly_ rare. To own more than one of such items is often a sign of high nobility or royalty. To even be aware of more than a dozen or so in one's lifetime by the early 400s MS is nothing short of a miracle. Or perhaps not a miracle, but rather a curse, as those with knowledge of these incalculably profitable and powerful items are frequently scouted, bribed, and even hunted by various factions across Artyrix, who may seek to bring these items into their own personal collections.