#lore #npc

## Background
| Race | Dragon (Emerald) |
| ---- | ---- |
| Alignment | True Neutral |
| Domains | - Discovery and secret-keeping<br>- Sociology and introversion<br>- Teaching and Innovation |
| Symbol | Tome covered in dragon scales |
| Nicknames | - The Draconic Sage<br>- The Viridescent Archivist<br>- Drake of Lost Knowledge |
| Last known location | The Ruby Palace (Astral Plane) |
If legends are to be believed, the great emerald dragon [[Zumaj]] was born and still resides in the infinitely large halls of the Ruby Palace. Within this bastion on the Astral Plane, gem dragons both divine and "mundane" resided to protect their leader, Sardior the Ruby Dragon. [[Zumaj]], in particular, was known as the prime scholar, sage, and record keeper within the Ruby Place, going so far as to reside within an enormously large library - with ceilings so high they were rumored to stretch into cosmos themselves. Among the tomes, records, and scrolls, [[Zumaj]] spent an eternity studying, learning, and memorizing until they understood the very nature of the universe and the secrets governing the multiverse. And then - only then - did they permit themselves to rest.

That is, until they grew weary and bored of resting, and as such, threw themselves back into the throes of research and reading, though growing ever more frustrated at the repetitious cadence of their life within the Ruby Palace - isolated and trapped between the walls of the infinitely large library. It was then, in a spark of rebellion and adventure, did [[Zumaj]] escape from their literary confines and begin to experience the wonders of the multiverse firsthand, carrying with them a satchel filled with some of their favorite writings. And in doing so, they discovered something they enjoyed perhaps even more than learning the secrets of the multiverse: sharing these secrets with others and following their actions in the aftermath of their "discovery."

In Artyrix, it is widely held belief that [[Zumaj]] visited many of the archipelago's islands prior to the discovery of [[Machivelia]], and in doing so, seeded these undiscovered lands with divine secrets and keys to understanding, creating, and controlling arcana itself. While some historians pursued these hidden enclaves across Artyrix to mixed success, [[Zumaj]] also garnered a more spiritual following across the continent who were bound together by the belief that the ancient, divine entity left behind arcane secrets for only those committed to their cause of discovery and innovation. Moreover, these followers - sometimes referred to as the [[Zumaji]] - largely attributed their discoveries to the emerald dragon, or at least gave some credit to the entity they considered divine. This relatively low-stakes, non-confrontational approach to religion appealed to many groups across Artyrix, with larger groups of [[Zumaji]] being found around [[The Endless Pits]] on [[Corosiva]], on the refugee island population of [[Delta Major]], and among the skilled engineers [[The Sleuth]] on [[Linnæsa]].