#admin 

1. Alchemist Ring - When the wearer of this ring imbibes a healing potion, they receive an additional 1d6 HP
2. All or Nothing Coin - On a roll you would normally use a d20, flip a coin instead. Heads is a critical success (NAT20), tails is a critical fail (NAT1). Can be used once per long rest.
3. Antigravity Sphere - A small, fist-sized glass ball filled with a silvery smoke. When the sphere is destroyed, it disables the effect of gravity of everything within a 30ft cube for 30 second
5. Arrow of Celebration - An arrow tipped with an enchanted noisemaker. For 30ft around the impact site, creatures are compelled (WIS vs DC 17) to dance madly. Loud music can be heard 100ft from the impact site.
6. Arrow of Displacement - An arrow tipped with a shard of quartz crystal. When it is fired, and the arrow strikes something, the archer is teleported to wherever the arrow landed. The quartz tip breaks after 3 uses and must be replaced.
7. Arrow of Yondu - Does not require a bow to use. When the user holds this arrow aloft and whistles, the arrow flies through a target enemy, ignoring AC to do 1d6 piercing damage. The user continues to roll a d20+WIS, and for every consecutive roll above 15, the arrow shoots through another target the same way. On a failure, the arrow returns to the user’s hand and cannot be used again until after a long rest.
8. Assassin’s Bracers - This pair of bracers can contain a concealed dagger within each bracer. The wearer can cause the dagger within one, or both, bracers to extend from the bracer. Extending or retracting the daggers requires the use of a Bonus Action from the wearer
9. Bag of Endless Rats - It looks like a Bag of Holding, but it stinks. All that comes out of it when a character tries to use it are 3d20 rats. If it is turned inside out or damaged, it disgorges 5d100 rats and the bag is destroyed.
10. Band of the Dryad - A simple wooden band that appears to be entwined by evergreen ivy vines. the top is decorated with a small rose petal, which remains bloomed and perfect until the ring's effect is used. Each day at dawn the petal blooms again. This band has a single charge, which recharges each day at dawn. The power contained within the rose petal may be expended to heal a target the wearer can touch by 2d4+2 hit points. Once used, the rose petal wilts and falls off the ring, and this effect may not be used again until the next dawn
11. Blanket of Starlight - A soft, well made blanket that can, once per long rest, emit a soft glow, maintained by concentration. The blanket was crafted by an enchanter after his young son confided he was afraid of the dark to help his son get to sleep.
12. Bracelets of Bonding - A set of bracelets that when one is broken the other immediately breaks as well. When one is mended, the other mends itself. Created by a brother who was going off to war, for his younger brother staying home. This was so the older brother would know if things got bad at home. If the bracelet snapped, he promised to come home no matter what
13. Bracers of the Woodland Hunter - While wearing these, non-magical difficult terrain does not slow your movement
14. Captured Sunlight - Sun-filled mirror-catch box, it has enough sunlight to fill a room with bright light. Built by a retired adventuring dwarf and filled by passing adventurers. Inflicts 1d4 radiant damage for 120ft every round of combat when placed on the ground up to 1 minute per day, until closed, or destroyed.
15. Censer of Serenity - An enchanted censer that was made by a daughter for her father, who was suffering from PTSD following the battle that robbed him of his arm. When incense is burned in the censer, it gives advantage on wisdom saving throws for 1 hour per day.
16. Circlet of Mental Fortitude - A copper studded head band that soothes head pain when worn. Made for an elf who suffered from chronic migraines. Grants resistance against psychic damage.
17. Circlet of the Planeswalker - While you wear this circlet, whenever you teleport or cross a planar boundary (such as with the Blink spell), you may heal 1d4 Hit Points.
18. Cloak of Death - This garment gives you an undead appearance—a skeletal face crusted with desiccated skin, with black holes for eyes. Gives disadvantage to attacks from undead, because undead creatures are confused by your grotesque appearance.
19. Cloak of the Nord - A hooded cloak made of various patches of leather that has a belt fastened to the front. It generates heat on the wearer if blown upon by wind. It was made as gift for a lover so that they could travel the mountain ranges without worry of freezing. Gives resistance against Cold damage.
20. Cloak of Vigor - A dark red cloak with an extra long flap in the back that will bend and stiffen into a functional chair when the wearer tries to sit down. Made for a wizard that had difficulty walking across town without breaks. Grants the ability to take a short rest in a fraction of the usual time. 1 use a day.
21. Collar of Finding - A leather collar with a small metal emblem of a star on it. A matched bracelet with the same emblem. A person wearing the bracelet can make a small light hover 50 feet above the collar. A wife commissioned this collar after her husband, a retired soldier with significant PTSD, lost the dog that he had bonded with.
22. Daryl’s Vest of Haste - A black leather vest with wings painted on the back. This vest gives the wearer +1 on Initiative rolls and +1 to Intimidation rolls, plus proficiency with Heavy Crossbows.
23. Death Elk Head - The severed, decomposed head of a Giant Elk. It’s been reanimated by necromancy and roars ominously when it makes eye contact with another living being. Choose one creature that you can see within 30 feet of you. If the creature can see or hear the Death Elk Head, it must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw (DC 14) or be frightened of you until the end of your next turn. It holds one charge, and must be recharged by dipping it in fresh blood.
24. Deodorant Soap - A bar of soap that, when used to wash one’s body, eliminates body odor and grants +1 to Stealth and Persuasion. Lasts for 1 hour.
25. Dog Whistle - When blown, this whistle makes no noise. 1d4 rounds of combat later, a dog appears and does 1 thing:<br>    - Pees on the leg of the user, soaking their clothes, and then runs away. Enemies become disgusted and will avoid the user for 1d6 rounds, only attacking the user if they are attacked.<br>    - Poops on the battlefield and runs away. If anyone steps on the poop, they slip and go prone, and must expend an Action to get back up.<br>    - Serves as an emotional support animal, Inspiring and giving the user +1d6 on their next roll.<br>    - Distracts the nearest enemy by charging at them and barking, giving the whistle-blower Advantage on their next combat roll against that specific enemy
26. Edible Hat - A hat made of edible fibers--probably cornsilk, but possibly hair. Whatever the material, this is a magic hat that gives the consumer 1 usage of Inspiration if they say out loud, "If I'm wrong, I'll eat my hat!" and then eat the hat. Eating the hat takes place over 1d4 rounds of combat, during which the character can only use Movement or Dodge actions.
27. Ethereal Striders - Boots, Very Rare. As your move action you can instead teleport. In order to teleport, choose how far you want to travel, then do an Arcana check. The DC equals 9+1 for each five feet traveled. If you do not succeed on the DC check your teleport fails and you cannot use any more of your movement. Has 3 charges, refills charges every day at dawn.
28. Fairy Dragon Coffee - For one round of combat, the drinker’s speed is tripled, they have +5 to AC, they have advantage on Dexterity saving throws, and the character can do 2 Actions. But in the next round, the character immediately takes 1 point of exhaustion
29. Figurine of Wondrous Power: Ruby Chicken - This figurine can become a Large chicken for 24 hours, strong enough to be ridden and carry up to 250 pounds. It has an AC of 10, HP of 22, to-hit of +4, can peck for 1d6 piercing damage. Has the effect of Featherfall.
30. Fire Mephit Lantern - A lantern with a tiny Fire Mephit inside. The Mephit can speak. The lantern casts Light out to 100 feet, and cannot be extinguished.
31. Flask of the Fist - When a character imbibes the contents of this flask, they gain 1d6 damage to their Unarmed strikes for 3 rounds of combat. Empowered strikes also propel Medium or smaller target backwards 10 feet if the target fails a DC 12 strength check.
32. Fletcher’s Mitt - A green glove that allows the user to avoid or catch a projectile. It gives the wearer a +1 AC against all ranged non-magical attacks. If the wearer completely avoids the attack, the user catches the projectile
33. Furby of Recording - This toy looks like a tiny fey animal with big creepy eyes. The Furby can store one spell of any level and cast it automonously a given number of minutes later. Any creature can cast a spell of any level into the Furby by reciting the spell while staring into the Furby’s eyes, and then saying how many minutes later they want the spell to active. If the Furby can't hold the spell, the spell is expended without effect. The spell uses the slot level, spell save DC, spell Attack bonus, and Spellcasting ability of the original caster, but is otherwise treated as if you cast the spell. Once the Furby’s spell is expended, it can no longer be used for this purpose, but it will repeat random snippets of dialogue.
34. Glove of Magehand - A magical glove you wear that will immediately conjure a permanent magehand for as long as the glove is worn, which you can use as you'd normally use magehand. You can also punch twice in 1 round of combat for 1d4 bludgeoning damage. The catch is, the conjured magehand can be attacked or damaged, and any injury inflicted on the magehand will also be inflicted to the wearer’s hand.
35. Stan the Pug’s Fork - Once a day, this fork will allow the user to eat any non-magical item they can fit in their mouth and regain 2d6 HP. Just tap the fork on the item and it will turn edible.
36. Grease Grenade - A fist-sized glass ball that spills 1d20+5 feet of Grease when and where it shatters.
37. Hands of the Knight Initiate - Once per long rest you can cast Bless and Bane each once as a first level spell without using a spell slot. Gain 5 points of lay on hands per long rest.
38. Haunted Doll - A very creepy-looking doll. When the owner of this doll fails a third death saving throw, the doll will die in place of its owner.
39. Helen’s Earring - An earring that telepathically describes whatever is visible in front of the wearer, whether they can see it or not. Made by a child prodigy for their blind mother who worked tirelessly in order to pay for their magical education. Grants 15ft of Blindsight when activated as a bonus action.
40. Holethrower- A plain-looking wooden slingshot with an intricately carved handle. Once a day, this slingshot can fire any unmodified projectile and create a 1d20-feet-wide circular hole on any non-magical, non-living object or barrier.
41. Horn of Hearing - A copper horn that allows the user have advantage to Perception rolls based on hearing when used. Made for an aging grandmother so that she could hear her grandkids better.
42. Jack O’Lantern - A carved pumpkin with a candle inside. Projects light in a 10ft radius and dim light in a 30ft radius. Can be used once to summon the Headless Horseman to fight beside you in one battle, whereupon he takes the lantern and leaves with it. If an ally is beheaded in combat, their head can be replaced with the pumpkin to resurrect them with 1 HP.
43. Jar of Bees - A jar of bees. The lid is a screen so they can breathe. If thrown up to 50 feet, it will smash and distract enemies with 1d6 piercing damage for 6 seconds.
44. Joshua’s Sandals - A pair of leather sandals that allow the wearer to walk on water for one hour per day.
45. Lens of Tracking - A monocle that allows the user to once a day see the footprints of a specific person or creature that has been within the area.
46. Lucky Penny - If a player gets a nat 1 on a Perception check, roll 1d4. On a 4, the character finds a Lucky Penny. The next time they roll a nat 1, they get a reroll and the Lucky Penny becomes a normal copper.
47. Magnetic Charge - A fist-sized metal ball with a button on top. When the button is pressed, the ball will begin to glow and produce a magnetic field that lasts 6 seconds. The field repels any metal objects within 10ft of the ball. Takes 1 day to recharge.
48. Masamune’s Instruments - A knife and fork set made from Mithril with small runes embed in the handles. When the fork is inserted into food (non-living material) it allows the knife to cut through it with little to no resistance. Made as a gift from a wife to her husband so that he wouldn’t waste time sawing through her cooking like a log.
49. Medallion of the Labyrinth - A medallion that, when focused on, always displays a faint blue line, curving around trees or arching over rocks. It will always show the fastest way home, but not the easiest, a flawed enchantment made by a well-meaning wife for her husband, so that he could always find his way back to her.
50. Mimic Coin - When swallowed, this coin will Polymorph the user into a random non-magical item, object, or piece of furniture for 1d4 hours. The item the user turns into will be roughly the same size category as the user themselves. The item cannot be damaged or transported by any means, magical or otherwise.
51. Misspell Book - A book of arcane knowledge that allows the user to use a Reaction to change one letter in the attacker’s magic spell and cause a different effect. (Counterspell DC rules)
52. Mirrors of Clever Seeing - A pair of mirrors. One can see through the other as if there were an extradimensional tunnel between the two. Nothing can pass through
53. Orrery of Planes - A small brass claw, meant to be set on a desk and have a gemstone inserted into its top. It gives a small, hologram-like view of an elemental plane, changing which plane is displayed by changing the gemstone. It seems to have been a gift from a noble to his child, as such craftsmanship would be quite expensive.
54. Pan of Nostalgia - A frying pan and lid that materializes one fully cooked breakfast platter for one once per day when exposed to flame. Adds 1d10 temp HP on a long rest. Someone’s mother had it enchanted as a gift for their child who was leaving home so that they could always have a home cooked breakfast.
55. Pendant of Sorrows - A music box pendant, that, when wound and played, emits a somber, soothing song, like one sung by a long-dead but much-loved parent to their child. While the song plays, other sound around the wearer is muffled, and the user cannot be frightened.
56. Peyote - When ingested, this hallucinogenic mushroom restores one spell slot, but causes the user to hallucinate a random effect from the d100 tables for 1d4 hours.
57. Railsplitter - A bearded axe that allows the user to once a day cut down any tree in one swing.
58. Resin of Stronmaus - Sweet, viscous tree sap collected from an unknown tree. Smells like pine, perhaps, with the sweetness of mead, and tastes like mead. While it is chewed like gum, this resin imbues the chewer with the Vicious Mockery cantrip, and grants +1 to Charisma.
59. Ring of Balance - An emerald ring that gives the wearer an abnormally strong sense of balance. Made for a diplomat by her husband so that when she went on long sea voyages she wouldn’t get sea sick. Grants +1 to  Acrobatics and Persuasion.
60. Ring of the Colonel - Makes the wearer intensely aware of any and all chickens within a 1-mile radius. The ring can allow the wearer to summon 1d20 chickens to attack an enemy for 1d4+Cha bludgeoning damage once a day, but it must be recharged by licking all of one’s fingers.
61. Ring of the Giantslayer - A plain copper ring that grants the wearer +2 to attack and Damage rolls against any enemy in the “Huge” or bigger size categories.
62. Ring of the Grammarian - Once a week, the wearer of this ring can alter one letter of one item in an enemy’s equipment to alter its appearance and function. This effect is determined by the DM, but with the ring-bearer’s intentions taken into account.
63. Ring of Kinetic Storage -  This simple silver ring allows the wearer to store energy from their body's motions throughout the day, and release it in strong bursts. This ring contains up to 5 charges, the number of charges stored in the ring increases by 1 for every 2 days the ring is worn. As an action, you can make an unarmed strike with the hand the ring is on. This unarmed strike deals an additional 1d6 bludgeoning damage per charge in the ring. Any unarmed strike with the ring expends all charges stored within the ring. If all five charges of the ring are expended, the target is pushed back 5 feet away from you.
64. Ring of Naming - A simple iron ring with 3 charges. Once a day, the wearer can use it to change one letter in an enemy’s name to change their form and function. It can only be recharged by the wearer changing one letter in their own race or class.
65. Ring of Quiptical Hits - Two interlocking bands, one gold engraved with a motifs of laughing faces and the other granite with a motif of faces set in stony silence, the ring rewards the witty but punishes japes that fall flat. Once per week, on a successful attack roll, if the wearer can deliver a one-liner, quip or appropriate pun before rolling damage, the attack is converted into a critical hit. However, if the jape is deemed to have fallen flat the wearer is overcome by lethargy and behaves as if affected by the spell slow, until the end of its next turn.
66. Ring of Recall - A small ring that allows the spellcaster wearing it to regain a spell slot after having failed in casting a spell.
67. Scarf of Breathing - A red scarf sewn with silver beads into the fabric, magically filters air that is sucked through it when worn as a face wrap. Made as a gift for an obsidian miner to avoid complications with volcano fumes.
68. Scrolls of Speaking - A pair of small blank scrolls with matching handles. Whatever you write/draw on one scroll (in ink) appears on the other within 3 minutes. 24 hours after ink touches the blank page, everything written on it melts away permanently. Made by two young Divination apprentices who wanted to keep in touch with each other.
69. Augury Bones - Once per day, these knucklebones can be used to ask a yes, no, or maybe question to the fates (DM). There are three bones carved into happy faces and sad faces. All happy faces mean yes, all sad means no, anything in-between means maybe.
70. Spectacles of Elven Reading - A pair of green rimmed spectacles that translates elvish text into common while wearing them. An elf made them so that he and his adopted daughter could read some elvish adventure tomes that he brought home together.
71. Stiletto of the Infiltrato -  If you impale this dagger in a surface you may, for the next minute, use a bonus action to teleport to its location as long as it is within 100ft of you. Once you use this ability it cannot be used again until you finish a long rest.
72. Stronmaus’ Laughing Amulet - The amulet carries the image of a stylized human face, mouth laughing. Once per day whenever a foe is defeated, the wearer may activate the amulet by tapping it twice and then delivering the best taunting joke or victorious one-liner applicable to the current situation. If the jest pleases Stronmaus, he rewards the adventurer by recharging up to 1d10+Con HP. But Stronmaus is a fickle god; jokes that fail are punished with 1d6 lightning damage.
73. Teapot of Peace - Magical teapot. If anyone is aware of the teapot being poured, they are immediately compelled to sit down and have tea (WIS vs DC 12). Works during combat. It can only be used if full of tea, which must be brewed and steeped normally.
74. Ten-Gallon Hat - The 10-Gallon Hat of Hootin' an' Holerin' is an Ordinary looking Cowboy hat with the the words "Uhh, Yee-Haw?" Embroidered on the front. Anyone who wears the hat must succeed on a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or be afflicted with its effects. The hat compels the wearer to Speak in a western accent, Frequently use "YEE HAW", will call anyone the wearers knows "Partner" and Unknown people "Stranger', and replace all "ing"s with "in'"s, even when writing. The hat also can hold 10 gallons of liquid inside an extradimensional space when poured into the hole, much like a bag of holding. The wearer is unaware of any of the hats effects, and the wearer also gains a +1 bonus to Persuasion and Deception checks while being worn.
75. Tome of Resilience - A leather bound tome that writes out motivational quips whenever it is opened. Made for a laborer with low self esteem. Grants the reader advantage on any subsequent roll, once a day, but reading it requires one Action.
76. Trapper’s Boots - Tall leather boots that are resistant to piercing damage from small and tiny monsters. Made for a hunter who tended to forget where he laid his bear traps.
77. Trueheart Clasp - A small clasp that can be fastened onto the user’s ear, allowing the user to know someone’s true intentions. This gives the wearer Advantage and +1 on one Insight check once per day.
78. Twin Rings of Wonder - If two magic-users wearing these rings high-five as an Action, they can combine their two Spellcasting Ability stats and cast one spell at that level on their next turn. Has 5 charges, can be recharged by heating them with dragonfire.
79. Physician’s Pendant - A pendant with a small cross engraved on it. After casting a spell that restores a creature’s hit points, the wearer rolls a d20. On a 17 or higher roll, the healing spell does not cost the user a spell slot. Upon a success, this feature cannot be used again until after a long rest. 
80. Wabbajack - A gnarled-wood staff that randomly curses one target with a Wild Magic Surge d100 curse randomly rolled by the caster. Can only be used once per day.
81. Water-Repellent Bedroll - A bedroll that creates a mild water repellent barrier around it as long as someone is laying on it. A gift made for a traveling merchant so that he wouldn’t worry about sleeping in the rain. Allows the user to survive in inclement weather without receiving damage.
82. Wind Sword - A steel cutlass that resembles a giant feather. Has three charges. One charge can be expended to give one attack a Gust knockback effect of 10 feet, or all three can be expended at once to imbue one attack with 20 foot Gust knockback with a failed DC13 strength save.
83. Vest of Buoyancy - A small leather vest enchanted to magically float when exposed to water. Commissioned by a noble after his daughter almost drowned in the estate fish pond.<br>100.