Madam Kerowyn Hucrele was **the** prominent citizen of [[Bybrook]]. She was the latest head of a family that had been leaders in the town for generations. She ran a general store and managed a [[Hucrele Manor |manor house]] nearby in the mountains. 

She first encountered the [[Smallboiz]] when she recruited them to rescue her niece and nephew from [[The Sunken Citadel]]. While her kin were ultimately unable to be saved she remained friendly with the heroes and contracted them to be her 'adventurers on retainer.' Eventually, she revealed her ultimate plans to them: she had devised a plan to usurp the title of the Duchy of the River from [[Duke Damsor |Reder Damsor]]. Among her other recruits in her endeavors were [[Bryelly]], her contact with [[The Five Families|the Jolood Family]], [[Tharder]], the captain of her guard, and [[Ashes]], an archivist who was aiding in her excavation of the mountains around her family manor. 

The heroes managed to convince Madam Hucrele that they were loyal to her, despite working actively with Duke Damsor and preparing to betray her. Eventually, Kerowyn brought her mercenary forces to bear against the duke at [[Farbrook Castle]] in the spring of 757 with the help of seigecraft from the [[The Order of the Black Rose]]. 

Despite her best efforts, Madam Hucrele's forces were defeated by the military force of the Small Boys, Duke Damsor, and his gathered allies, as well as a shipment of weapons, forged with the toxic [[Sunrock]], that the Small Boys had delivered to her mercenaries. 

Kerowyn fled the battlefield when she realized she was losing, causing her men to break into a rout. She ran to her manor where she had discovered an ancient [[Altar of Yawgmoth |altar]] that in a desperate move she believed would save her. It summoned a horrible skeletal monster of metal that eviserated her before it was defeated by the Small Boys.